HTTP:

*HTTP stands for hypertext transfer protocol,It is used in web applications .HTTP is the method used  by computers & servers to request information that is needed.
For instance, when someone navigates to cloudflare.com on their laptop, their web browser sends an HTTP request to the Cloudflare servers for the content that appears on the page. 
Then, Cloudflare servers send HTTP responses with the text, images, and formatting that the browser displays to the user.HTTP has two versions namely http1 & http 2.

*In HTTP/2, developers have hands-on, detailed control over prioritization. This allows them to maximize perceived and actual page load speed to a degree that was not possible in HTTP/1.1.

*HTTP/2 offers a feature called weighted prioritization. This allows developers to decide which page resources will load first, every time. In HTTP/2, when a client makes a request for a webpage, the server sends several streams of data to the client at once, instead of sending one thing after another. 

*This method of data delivery is known as multiplexing. Developers can assign each of these data streams a different weighted value, and the value tells the client which data stream to render first.

Objects and its internal representation in Javascript:-------

“A JavaScript object is a collection of named values having state and behavior (properties and method)”.

*For example: Person, car, pen, bike, Personal Computer , Washing Machine etc.

Ex:cars;-

All cars have the same properties, but the property values differ from car to car. All cars have the same methods, but the methods are performed at different times.

Let’s have an example of my favorite merc car and list out its properties(Features):
Company: Mercedes 
Model: C-Class
Color: White
Fuel: Diesel
Weight: 850kg
Mileage: 8Kmpl
Rating: 4.5

1)Objects:
The following code assigns a simple value (Mercedes) to a variable named car:

var car = "Mercedes";
Objects are variables too. But objects can contain many values.

The following code assigns many values (Mercedes, C-class, White and soo on) to a variable named Car:

var car = {Company: “Mercedes”, Model: “C-Class”, Color: “White”, Fuel: Diesel, Weight: “850kg”, Mileage: “8Kmpl”, Rating: 4.5};
The values are written as name:value pairs (name and value separated by a colon).

Syntax:

var <object-name> = {key1: value1, key2: value2,... keyN: valueN};
“JavaScript objects are containers for named values”.

2)Object Properties
The name:values pairs (in JavaScript objects) are called properties.

var car = {Company: “Mercedes”, Model: “C-Class”, Color: “White”, Fuel: Diesel, Weight: “850kg”,Mileage: “8Kmpl”, Rating: 4.5};

The object properties can be different primitive values, other objects and functions.

Properties can usually be changed, added, and deleted, but some are read only.

The syntax for adding a property to an object is :

ObjectName.ObjectProperty = propertyValue;

The syntax for deleting a property from an object is:

delete ObjectName.ObjectProperty;

The syntax to access a property from an object is:
objectName.property ex:Car.Company
objectName["property"]   ex:Car["Company"]


         

